To get lost in their own hometown?
To be caught red-handed while bathing naked?
To get an embarrassing tattoo?
To become a crazy cat lady?
To eat something off the ground?
To give their child an unusual (read: ridiculous) name?
To get arrested for public urination?
To have a foot fetish?
To fart in public?
To get arrested for being drunk and disorderly?
To lock themselves out of their house?
To spend the longest time in the bathroom (we don't need to know what you're doing!)?
To order food delivery for the next 24 hours?
To take a sick day due to a hangover?
To say something silly on a first date?
To own the most pets?
To lose their phone on a night out?
To trip on a night out?
To snore so loudly that their partner sleeps on the couch?
To use a fake ID to buy alcohol?
To date two guys at the same time?
To have sex with someone on the first date?
To forget the name of a person they had a one-night stand with?
To have a one-night stand?
To be caught having sex with someone in public?
To fall asleep during sex?
To try a threesome?
To have sex with their boss?
To be caught with their ex?
To build a sex dungeon?
To take the first step?
To have sex with a colleague?
To go to a strip club?
To be interested in BDSM?
To masturbate in a public place?
To make a sex tape?
To have unprotected sex?
To be caught watching porn?
To cheat on their partner?
To moan the loudest during sex?
To get away with murder?
To be the favorite sibling?
To betray their friends to flirt with a stranger?
To die first if they were in a horror movie?
To publicly embarrass a friend?
To publicly embarrass themselves?
To make a sarcastic comment?
To win a race?
To reveal a secret?
To retire in the countryside?
To retire in a city?
To spend the most money on clothes?
To donate to charity?
To do volunteer work?
To drift away from their group of friends?
To steal something?
To answer nature's call in the great outdoors?
To blame someone else?
To lie on their CV/resume?
To go a week without showering?
To end up in jail?
To buy a strap-on?
To do the Tennessee Logjammer?
To trip on the red carpet?
To be rejected in a marriage proposal?
To get a nickname that sticks for the rest of their life?
To eat something spicy and immediately regret it?
To get caught in a rainstorm without an umbrella?
To be caught dancing alone?
To fall off a chair while trying to imitate a superhero?
To be mistaken for a celebrity and asked for autographs?
To get a ridiculous hairstyle without realizing it?
To become a master of tripping over nothing?
To set the kitchen on fire while trying to cook dinner?
To become obsessed with an obscure hobby and spend all their free time on it?
To get stuck in an elevator with a stranger and be forced to sing together?
To develop a bizarre food combination and become addicted to it?
To accidentally run into a celebrity on the street and become completely speechless?
To get lost in an amusement park?
To get caught on the dance floor with two left feet?
To unknowingly appear on TV?
To become addicted to watching sunsets every single day?
To lose their head in a terrifying amusement park ride?
To get caught in a rainstorm without an umbrella or shoes?
To be denied entry to a club due to the dress code?
To become obsessed with a TV series and binge-watch all the episodes in one day?
To be the one always forgotten by friends in plans?
To become known for talking in their sleep and revealing embarrassing secrets?
To drink a cup of coffee that has been cold for several days?
To talk to themselves while thinking they are alone?
To drop their phone in the toilet?
To forget their best friend's birthday?
To eat a whole pizza by themselves?
To get bitten by a small insect and overreact as if it were a dangerous snake?
To sing loudly in the shower and think they sound like a professional singer?
To buy something online that turns out to be a huge disappointment?
To fall asleep in the middle of an important conversation?
To be terrified by their own shadow on a dark evening?
To play air guitar in front of the mirror and pretend they are on stage in front of thousands of fans?
To go to the bathroom and forget to lock the door?
To get caught in the rain without an umbrella and use something completely different for protection?
To trip on a flat floor for no apparent reason?
To lose balance and fall down the stairs in public?
To get a song stuck in their head and sing it all day without being able to stop?
To make a big scene in a store because they don't accept an expired coupon?
To believe that a fake plant is real and water it for weeks?
To put on a bad movie and end up watching the whole thing even though they think it's terrible?
To try to take a selfie and drop the phone in the process?
To become addicted to a TV series and rewatch all the seasons in a single weekend?
To talk in their sleep and reveal a big secret?
To believe they can dance like a professional and then fall flat on the dance floor?
To get into the wrong car in a parking lot and startle the actual owner?
To burst into loud laughter in a completely inappropriate situation?
To get caught dancing alone in their room?
To spend hours taking a perfect selfie and then delete it right after?
To have a panic attack when they see a spider, even if it's small and harmless?
To get bitten by a mosquito and itch intensely for several days?
To play a prank on someone and end up getting caught in their own prank?
To say something embarrassing out loud, thinking they're speaking through headphones?
To set off a joke that no one understands and laugh hysterically alone?
To make their food explode in the microwave?
To believe they are an amazing dancer and dance as if they were in a music video?
To get distracted and stare at their own reflection in a shop window?
To get absorbed in a book and forget everything else around them?
To trip on an invisible obstacle and pretend nothing happened?
To have a completely useless secret talent?
To put on a show in front of the mirror and pretend to be a famous stand-up comedian?
To always take pictures of their food before eating?
To get annoyed by someone chewing loudly even when they're alone?
To have a brilliant idea right before falling asleep and completely forget it the next morning?
To be scared by their own shadow on a dark evening?
To get caught in the rain and use a broken umbrella for protection?
To make a big scene in a public place because they lost their wallet?
To believe they can sing like an opera singer and perform in front of a large crowd?
To develop a very strange phobia that no one else has heard of?
To become addicted to a TV series and rewatch the entire series multiple times?
To believe they are a master in martial arts and perform a comical kata?
To have an inexplicable habit that no one can understand?
To eat something raw without hesitation?
To try an extreme sport without any previous experience?
To bathe naked in public?
To get arrested for doing something very foolish?
To steal something from a store and get caught red-handed?
To participate in a nude run?
To attempt a dangerous eating challenge and end up vomiting?